Equality for everyone 
A hunger-free America 
A world without Alzheimer’s 
A just world without poverty
A World Free of MS 
To leave a sustainable world for future generations. 
That people everywhere will share the power of a wish 
A world where everyone has a decent place to live. 
To become a world leader at connecting people to wildlife and conservation. 
NPR, with its network of independent member stations, is America’s pre-eminent news institution 
Ducks Unlimited is wetlands sufficient to fill the skies with waterfowl today, tomorrow and forever. 
Oceana seeks to make our oceans as rich, healthy and abundant as they once were. 
proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ to people in every country of the world. 
Striving to be the world’s leader in patient experience, clinical outcomes, research and education. 
A world in which every child attains the right to survival, protection, development, and participation. 
One day, all children in this nation will have the opportunity to attain an excellent education. 
Shaping the future by preserving our heritage, discovering new knowledge, and sharing our resources with the world 
That the United States is a humane community in which all animals are treated with respect and kindness. 
Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin’s disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families. 
For every child, life in all its fullness; Our prayer for every heart, the will to make it so 
To implement sustainable programs that improve access worldwide to investment, opportunity, and lifesaving services now and for future generations. 
Every person has the opportunity to achieve his/her fullest potential and participate in and contribute to all aspects of life. 
To prepare every eligible youth in America to become a responsible, participating citizen and leader who is guided by the Scout Oath and Law. 
We seek to save a planet, a world of life. Reconciling the needs of human beings and the needs of others that share the Earth… 
We envision a world where all people – even in the most remote areas of the globe – hold the power to create opportunity for themselves and others. 
A world in which every person enjoys all of the human rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights instruments. 
We believes that we can end the water crisis in our lifetime by ensuring that every person on the planet has access to life most basic need clean drinking water.