Do you have a monthly demand review meeting and how is it best described?
Yes with a structured agenda and purpose. The demand review manages performance and drives sales and marketing ownership for market and customer plans.
Yes. The demand review focuses on balancing demand and supply issues
We do not have a formal monthly demand review meeting

What is the frequency of the demand review meeting?
Monthly
Weekly
Quarterly
We do not have a demand review meeting

Is the demand plan expressed in:
Volume
Value
Margin
All the above
2 of the above

What is the horizon of the demand plan?
1-3 months
1-12 months
1-18 months
1-24 months
1-36 months+

Is the demand plan unconstrained (not constrained by supply issues)?
Yes
No

Who owns the demand planning process?
Sales
Sales & Marketing
Finance
Supply

How does the business utilise the demand plan?
The demand plan focuses on sales and marketing strategy deployment
The demand plan drives supply chain plans and forms the basis of the financial plan
Demand drives the factory supply plan
Supply planning make changes to the demand plan based on demonstrated performance
Supply planning do not utilise the demand plan

What measures are used by the demand team?
Bias
Demand Error
Demand plan Accuracy
Two of these
All of these
None of these

Which statement best describes the demand plan in your business?
The demand plan is based on past performance/actual sales
The demand plan reflects the financial targets
Sales and Marketing assumptions underpin the demand plan and are fully documented, time phased, and owned.
The demand plan is built upon statistical modelling plus anticipated sales and marketing assumptions and plans which are fully documented, time phased and owned.
The demand plan is based on our understanding of the co-efficiencies between business analytics which are embedded in the business

How do you manage vulnerabilities and opportunities?
There is no formal process for management of vulnerabilities and opportunities.
Vulnerabilities and opportunities are now being identified within the demand management process but are not formally communicated or managed across the business.
Vulnerability and opportunity management are fully integrated with the demand management process and supported with scenario planning
Opportunity management is now proactively used to drive business growth