Do you have a monthly product and service portfolio planning review meeting and how is it best described?
We do not have a formal monthly product and service portfolio planning review meeting.
Yes. The product review focuses on managing project issues.
Yes with a structured agenda and purpose. The product and service portfolio planning review manages portfolio performance and future optimisation of the portfolio and services available and deploys the strategy.

What is the frequency of the product and service portfolio planning review meeting?
Weekly
Quarterly
We do not have a product and service portfolio planning review meeting.
Monthly

Is the product plan expressed in:
Incremental revenue.
Incremental margin.
Product and service development costs.
Net present value.
None of the above.
Two of the above.
All of the above.

What is the horizon of the product and service plan?
1-3 months
1-12 months
1-18 months
1-36 months
1-48 months+

How well integrated are product and service portfolio plans with the business?
Integration and visibility of new product and service plans across the business is limited. The demand plan for new products and services is provided to supply chain teams only months or even weeks before launch. The business case is not trusted.
Product and service plans are formally communicated to the business via the integrated business planning process 24 months in advance of launch. Trust in the business case is improving.
There is a formal master plan highlighting incremental revenue and margin, vulnerabilities and opportunities. The plan is trusted and is used for sales and marketing, supply chain and business planning.

Which description best fits the status of stage and gate process in your business?
Stage and gate is recognised but not fully deployed or understood.
Stage and gate is in place with regular reviews of project progress and viability.
A business filter and stage and gate are used to select and manage projects with increasing launch success.
Concurrent activities/deployment of lean methodology are used to improve time to market.

How reliable is the product and service plan and the supporting business case?
The product and service plan timings are driven by business ambition rather than planned expectancy leading to bias and resource conflicts.
Project plans are built on demonstrated capability to increase control as well as identify areas for improvement.
Milestone and launch adherence is measured and demonstrating 90% launch on time and 95% milestone adherence. Bias in the business case has been eliminated.

Which statement best describes resource management in your business?
There is no formal resource management process to support product and service management.
Resource management process is used to identify bottlenecks in the development team.
A resource management process has been established with a cross functional view taken for project prioritisation and filtering.

How do you manage vulnerabilities and opportunities?
There is no formal process for management of vulnerabilities and opportunities.
Vulnerabilities and opportunities are now being identified within the product and service planning process but are not formally communicated or managed across the business.
Vulnerability and opportunity management are fully integrated with the business planning process and supported with scenario planning.
Opportunity management is now proactively used to drive business growth.

Portfolio optimization:
Portfolio complexity is reviewed on an ad hoc basis.
Processes for ongoing product and service portfolio performance appraisal, rationalisation and optimisation are being established.
Product and brand strategy drives product and service portfolio planning. There is a process to assess product and service portfolio performance as well as lifecycle planning leading to product and service rationalisation and succession.